(gentle guitar music)
(production beeping)
All right, this concludes the section on MySQL,
so you saw how we have a very versatile set, now.
We have a lockdown schema
for both our dev and production accounts,
so we set up service accounts for both of those
and we set up special databases for those.
If we were deploying this in the real world,
we wouldn't be running it just locally
or in a Docker container on your local host.
These would be like deployment servers somewhere,
where you'd have that database set up
on a permanent server somewhere.
So, I'm just trying to emulate that so you guys can see
how we set up the Spring Boot configuration.
So, you saw how I set up profiles for that
and we have two YAML files that we've created
for dev and production.
We can take one of those profiles, throw it live
and, now, we'll be going against that target database.
And, as I said before, prior in the course,
you could set that up
and actually declare the Spring bean with those properties,
but, in this case, we are allowing Spring Boot
to go ahead and configure the data source for us
and we're allowing the Spring Boot defaults
to take over a lot of things for us.
In this case, we are just setting up the properties
and now you can see how you use Spring Boot in production
because if I don't specify a profile at all,
MySQL or the H2 in-memory database is going to get picked up.
If I specify the dev profile, dev, as an active profile,
it will get the MySQL dev instance
and likewise for the production,
so this is really a great way to be using it
and how we can see Spring Boot and Spring are used
in enterprise every day.